Doc: Bluetooth: Mesh: Add RPR docs (#55904)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/api/mesh/rpr_srv.rst

.. _bluetooth_mesh_models_rpr_srv:

Remote Provisioning Server
##########################

The Remote Provisioning Server model is a foundation model defined by the Bluetooth
mesh specification. It is enabled with the
:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_RPR_SRV` option.

The Remote Provisioning Server model is introduced in the Bluetooth Mesh Protocol
Specification version 1.1, and is used to support the functionality of remotely
provisioning devices into a mesh network.

The Remote Provisioning Server does not have an API of its own, but relies on a
:ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_rpr_cli` to control it. The Remote Provisioning Server
model only accepts messages encrypted with the node's device key.

If present, the Remote Provisioning Server model must be instantiated on the primary
element.

> 

Reviewer: Please add that when device key, node address or comp data are refreshed, `struct bt_mesh_prov.reprovisioned` callback is called.

> element. It may also be supported by any secondary element.

Reviewer: If I read the code correctly we only support single RPR Server instance which can only be instantiated on the primary element: https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/blob/3e7205876cb5145d6630a7d1bcaf09945009f9f3/subsys/bluetooth/mesh/rpr_srv.c#L1306-L1310. So the second sentence can be removed.

.. _bluetooth_mesh_models_rpr_srv:

Remote Provisioning Server
##########################

The Remote Provisioning Server model is a foundation model defined by the Bluetooth
mesh specification. It is enabled with the
:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_RPR_SRV` option.

The Remote Provisioning Server model is introduced in the Bluetooth Mesh Protocol
Specification version 1.1, and is used to support the functionality of remotely
provisioning devices into a mesh network.

The Remote Provisioning Server does not have an API of its own, but relies on a
:ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_rpr_cli` to control it. The Remote Provisioning Server
model only accepts messages encrypted with the node's device key.

If present, the Remote Provisioning Server model must be instantiated on the primary
element.

> Please note that after refreshing the device key, node address or composition data through a Node Provisioning Protocol
> Interface (NPPI) procedure, the :c:member:`bt_mesh_prov.reprovisioned` callback is triggered. Please refer to section
> :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_rpr_cli` for further details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that after refreshing the device key, node address or Composition Data through a Node Provisioning Protocol
Interface (NPPI) procedure, the :c:member:`bt_mesh_prov.reprovisioned` callback is triggered. See section
:ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_rpr_cli` for further details.
```
